documentation in sphinx format (#1090)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/multiple_models_mode.md

# Deploy Multiple Models with a Config File {#ovms_docs_multiple_models}

### Starting Docker Container with a Configuration File for **Multiple** Models <a name="configfile"></a>

> To use a container that has several models, you must use a model server configuration file that defines each model. The configuration file is in JSON format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a container that has several models, you must use a Model Server configuration file that defines each model. The configuration file is in JSON format.
```

      {
         "config":{
            "name":"model_name1",
            "base_path":"/opt/ml/models/model1",
            "batch_size": "16"
         }
      },
      {
         "config":{
            "name":"model_name2",
            "base_path":"/opt/ml/models/model2",
            "batch_size": "auto",
            "model_version_policy": {"all": {}}
         }
      },
      {
         "config":{
            "name":"model_name3",
            "base_path":"gs://bucket/models/model3",
            "model_version_policy": {"specific": { "versions":[1, 3] }},
            "shape": "auto"
         }
      },
      {
         "config":{
             "name":"model_name4",
             "base_path":"s3://bucket/models/model4",
             "shape": {
                "input1": "(1,3,200,200)",
                "input2": "(1,3,50,50)"
             },
         "plugin_config": {"CPU_THROUGHPUT_STREAMS": "CPU_THROUGHPUT_AUTO"}
         }
      },
      {
         "config":{
             "name":"model_name5",
             "base_path":"s3://bucket/models/model5",
             "shape": "auto",
             "nireq": 32,
             "target_device": "HDDL",
         }
      }
   ]
}
```

> When the config file is present, the Docker container can be started similar to a single model. Keep in mind that models with cloud storage paths require setting specific environmental variables. Refer to the cloud storage requirements below for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the config file is present, the Docker container can be started similarly to a single model. Note that models with cloud storage paths require setting specific environmental variables. Refer to the cloud storage requirements below for more details.
```
